docs: reference Grafana Agent Flow as an OTel Collector distribution (#6633)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/_index.md

* Use expressions to bind components together to build a programmable pipeline.
* Includes a UI for debugging the state of a pipeline.

> {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} is a [distribution][] of the OpenTelemetry

Reviewer: Ditto above "is Grafana's distribution of the OpenTelemetry Collector"

Collector by Grafana Labs.

> Each distribution offers a different collection of components and capabilities.
> {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} is a distribution that includes dozens of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} includes dozens of
```

Is it necessary to define what the distributions do?

Author: Not sure, we were on the fence but it might be worth to explain what makes a/our distribution different.

OpenTelemetry-native [components][] from the OpenTelemetry project and

> introduces new capabilities such as programmable pipelines, clustering support,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
introduces new capabilities such as native Prometheus pipelines, code defined pipelines, clustering support,
```

* Use expressions to bind components together to build a programmable pipeline.
* Includes a UI for debugging the state of a pipeline.

{{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} is a [distribution][] of the OpenTelemetry
Collector by Grafana Labs.

Each distribution offers a different collection of components and capabilities.
As a distribution, {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} includes dozens of
OpenTelemetry-native [components][] from the OpenTelemetry project and
introduces new features such as programmable pipelines, clustering support,
and the ability to share pipelines around the world.

In addition to being an OpenTelemetry Collector distribution,
{{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} also includes first-class support for the

> Prometheus and Loki ecosystems, enabling pipelines to mix-and-match as needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Prometheus and Loki ecosystems, allowing you to mix-and-match your pipelines.
```

[Tutorials]: "/docs/agent/ -> /docs/agent/<AGENT_VERSION>/flow/tutorials/"
[Tutorials]: "/docs/grafana-cloud/ -> /docs/grafana-cloud/send-data/agent/flow/tutorials/
[Reference]: "/docs/agent/ -> /docs/agent/<AGENT_VERSION>/flow/reference/"
[Reference]: "/docs/grafana-cloud/ -> /docs/grafana-cloud/send-data/agent/flow/reference/"
[components]: "/docs/agent/ -> /docs/agent/<AGENT_VERSION>/flow/reference/"
[components]: "/docs/grafana-cloud/ -> /docs/grafana-cloud/send-data/agent/flow/reference/components"

> [distribution]: "https://opentelemetry.io/ecosystem/distributions/"

Reviewer 2: Move this link definition out of the `docs/reference` block (and when you do, remove the double quotes around the URL). The link definition can go above or below this block... I usually put them above.
